Docs: improve docs narrative around "ENSNode Plugins", "ENSDb Writers", and "ENSDb Readers". (#2227)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/index.mdx

Beyond [`enssdk`](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enssdk), [`enskit`](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enskit), and the [Omnigraph GraphQL API](/docs/integrate/integration-options/omnigraph-graphql-api), ENSNode exposes a deeper set of integration surfaces for advanced use cases:

- **[ENSDb (SQL)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb)** — query the indexed ENSv1 and ENSv2 datasets directly via SQL for custom analytics or your own service layer, from any language with a Postgres driver.

> - **[ENSDb Writers (Indexers)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-writers)** — build your own ENSDb Writer to index ENS data into your own ENSDb instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[ENSDb Writers (Indexers)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-writers)** — enable all other layers of the ENSNode stack to build on your custom indexing engine.
```

> - **[ENSDb Readers](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-readers)** — build your own ENSDb Reader to query your own ENSDb instance through any interface of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[ENSDb Readers (Custom APIs)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-readers)** — build your own ENSDb Reader to query your own ENSDb instance through any interface of your choice.
```

> - **[ENSDb Readers](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-readers)** — build your own ENSDb Reader to query your own ENSDb instance through any interface of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[ENSDb Readers](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensdb-readers)** — build your own custom APIs and services on top of ENSDb using any programming language or framework.
```

> - **[ENSNode Plugins](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensnode-plugins)** — define how onchain data should be indexed into ENSDb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[ENSNode Plugins (Indexed Data Models)](/docs/integrate/integration-options/ensnode-plugins)** — define how onchain data should be indexed into ENSDb.
```
